I got sick twice in one day,
It is difficult to grow up in love.
Su Linzhi is married, right?
When a man gets married, he thinks about how quickly you make money.
Still want to make money?
You can't even protect yourself?
Do you still want a man?
The phone call I made is being answered,
Please come later.
See why you don't answer the phone? You must be annoyed, right?
Zi's ​​mother seems to be in a good mood today.
Mom, what happened today?
It's really joyful
But I won’t tell you yet.
Mom, please stop showing off.
Okay, okay, we are all one family
I won’t hide it from you anymore.
Mom, I’ll be able to hold my grandson soon.
Who is the grandson born to?
It's your eldest brother and your sister-in-law.
I'm just waiting to see your good news
I just said, look at you, this woman is uncontrollable
I'm afraid she had already planned it.
Having a child can divide the family property
She is also a little too big
We can only bring it out